#Battle of Arawe
Initial Allied goals for the landing at Arawe included securing a base for American PT boats and diverting Japanese forces away from Cape Gloucester. The Japanese air units at Rabaul had been greatly weakened in the months prior to the landing at Arawe by prolonged Allied attacks and the transfer of the 7th Air Division to western New Guinea. This is an order of battle listing the Allied and Japanese forces involved in the Battle of Arawe from 15 December 1943 to 24 February 1944. It was intended that PT boats operating from Arawe would disrupt Japanese barge traffic along the southern shore of New Britain and protect the Allied naval forces at Cape Gloucester from attack. After organizing his force while waiting for the 1st Battalion, 141st Infantry Regiment, Komori began his advance on Arawe on 24 December.

#Chick-fil-A
The Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl is a college football bowl game played each year in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2007, the Chick-fil-A Bowl became the best-attended non-BCS bowl for the previous decade. From 2006 until 2013, Chick-fil-A's contract gave it full naming rights and the game was referred to as the Chick-fil-A Bowl as a result. A document released by Chick-fil-A on September 20, 2012 does not mention any organizations opposed to same-sex marriage as being part of Chick-fil-A's donation base. Chick-fil-A also is a key sponsor of the SEC and the ACC of college athletics.

#Automatic summarization
Another important distinction is that TextRank was used for single document summarization, while LexRank has been applied to multi-document summarization. The sentences in these summaries do not necessarily match up with sentences in the original text, so it would be difficult to assign labels to examples for training. For example, work by Lin and Bilmes, 2012 shows that submodular functions achieve the best results to date on DUC-04, DUC-05, DUC-06 and DUC-07 systems for document summarization. LexRank is an algorithm essentially identical to TextRank, and both use this approach for document summarization. Supervised text summarization is very much like supervised keyphrase extraction.
